README.md, before:

# hangman
<<<<<<< HEAD
just trying this stuff out
still working on stuff
-

-topic:
	-animals https://gist.github.com/EyeOfMidas/311e77b8b8c2f334fc8bdaf652c1f47f
	-outerspace
	-sports
	-random of all of those 
	-ultra random from [ api]

[https://codefather.tech/blog/hangman-game-python/](https://codefather.tech/blog/hangman-game-python/)[https://www.askpython.com/python/examples/hangman-game-in-python](https://www.askpython.com/python/examples/hangman-game-in-python)[https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hangman-game-python/](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hangman-game-python/)



### how it plays
interaction:
"welcome to the ol' hangman game"
"once we get rolling, you will have 20 seconds to pick a letter"
"if you pick the correct letters, you get let go to live your life!
if you pick a letter incorrectly, you get 6 wrong attempts until you get all the way strung up."

choose a topic
- [ ] make dictionary
- [ ] (import cvs?)
- [ ] 

show gallows
- [ ] make frame

shows blanks with spaces between

"And GO!"
- [ ] timer starts [add a countdown timer](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-a-countdown-timer-using-python/)

fills blanks as it goes with uppercase
but has an already used letter list below

show hanging dude
    0
-- | --
     |
   /   \

if win:
show the walk away dude [animate?](https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/21462/python-terminal-animation)

if too many wrong or timer runs out:
show fully hung dude 
  0
/ | \
  |
/  \

and say "bummer you got hung" 

then: 
"wanna try to get strung up again? Y/N
if Y:
restarts game at choose a topic

if N:
show gravestone and fin









=======
just learning this shit
>>>>>>> c94c8b59847358ec8e37a855f6214589802f9f47

Commit message:

add words from all topics option and ultra words via API option and update README.md

README.md, after:

# hangman

just trying this stuff out

-topic:
	-animals https://gist.github.com/EyeOfMidas/311e77b8b8c2f334fc8bdaf652c1f47f
	-outerspace
	-sports
	-random of all of those 
	-ultra random from [ api]

[https://codefather.tech/blog/hangman-game-python/](https://codefather.tech/blog/hangman-game-python/)[https://www.askpython.com/python/examples/hangman-game-in-python](https://www.askpython.com/python/examples/hangman-game-in-python)[https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hangman-game-python/](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hangman-game-python/)



### how it plays
interaction:
"welcome to the ol' hangman game"
"once we get rolling, you will have 20 seconds to pick a letter"
"if you pick the correct letters, you get let go to live your life!
if you pick a letter incorrectly, you get 6 wrong attempts until you get all the way strung up."

choose a topic
- [x] make dictionary
- [ ] (import cvs?)
- [x] option for all words in dict.
- [x] api for ton of words choice
- [x] spaces in between 

"And GO!"
- [ ] timer starts [add a countdown timer](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-a-countdown-timer-using-python/)
  ? scratch timer ?

if win:
show the walk away dude [animate?](https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/21462/python-terminal-animation)

if too many wrong or timer runs out:
show fully hung dude 
  0
/ | \
  |
/  \

and say "bummer you got hung" 

then: 
"wanna try to get strung up again? Y/N
if Y:
restarts game at choose a topic

if N:
show gravestone and fin



=======
just learning this shit
>>>>>>> c94c8b59847358ec8e37a855f6214589802f9f47
